Docs migration to Docusaurus (#272)
rancher/elemental: docs/cluster-reference.md

A minimum of `quantity` set to one is required for this pool to be used.
Basically translates to how many nodes from this pool are going to be setup for this cluster.

<details>
  <summary>Example</summary>

  ```yaml showLineNumbers
  kind: Cluster
  apiVersion: provisioning.cattle.io/v1
  metadata:
    name: cluster-example
    namespace: example-default
  spec:
    rkeConfig:
      machinePools:
        - name: examplePool 
          controlPlaneRole: true
          etcdRole: true
          workerRole: false
          quantity: 3
          unhealthyNodeTimeout: 0s
          machineConfigRef:
            apiVersion: elemental.cattle.io/v1beta1
            kind: MachineInventorySelectorTemplate
            name: exampleSelector
  ```

</details>

## machineConfigRef Spec Reference

A `machineConfigRef` is a generic k8s `ObjectReference` which usually contain a
`kind` `name` and `apiVersion` to point to a different object.

In Elemental, we set this to a [MachineInventorySelectorTemplate](machineinventoryselectortemplate-reference.md).
This allows us to point to more than one object by using the selector.

### Example

> The example below creates a cluster that uses 2 different `machinePools` to set different nodes to control-plane and workers nodes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below creates a cluster that uses 2 different `machinePool`s to set different nodes to control-plane and workers nodes,
```
